For the consultant-entrepreneur, success means steady business at a good
rate. The professionals that reach this point run into a problem. The 'must
do' activities surrounding the core value grow along with the business such
that they are most burdensome exactly when the business is mature.

Not only is there more 'must do' work to be done, but the lost billable time
is worth more than ever. Among the consultants and entrepreneur's I've talked
to non-value add, 'must do' work can consume anywhere from 10%-25% of the raw
time, which translates into between $500-$2,000 in lost opportunity costs per
month. Many feel that overall the cost of context switching and the feeling
of stress from being 'spread thin' makes the perceived cost much higher at one
to five thousand dollars per month.

The
successful professional must spend more time on taxes, business development,
operations, filings, etc. at exactl

Your time
is worth more than it's ever been before, and you have to spend more time on
accounting, marketing, operations, etc.

 It's a good
problem to have, but none-the-less frustrating.

For the successful consultant-etrepreneur, there comes a point where
you've grown the business to the point that you've got steady business at a
good rate. 

As the workforce continues to shift from an employer-employee model to 

isvworld.com claims 100K worldwide members


We all face time management problems. For the freelance professional
and small business, there is a particularly pernicious problem where
the things you 'must do' in order to maintain the busineess grow to
impose an appreciable cost in time and lost opportunity, The in

-----

At $100 for SaaS users and $250 for fully private users, if we assume an 80/20
mix, we would need ~130 customers to cover the $16K nut: $12K expense, $2K
operations budget and $2K profit.


What is the value proposition?
What do you need?
Initial market?
Hockey stick?

What is the incremental commitment?

Virtual assistant

switching costs

sub-critical mass; a lot of overhead, inefficient, taking 8-12 hrs per week.
sub-capitalized; barter exchange

want to do vs must do
